# T5.PR1.MiquelManzano
## Database project SetUp

To import the database using migrations, you will need [SQL Server](https://www.microsoft.com/es-es/sql-server/sql-server-downloads). After downloading it, you must set your connection string in the project's *appsettings.json*. Then, you need to update the database using migrations in PowerShell. Here are the commands to do it:

>**Update Database:** dotnet ef database update LastMigrationName

>**Add a new Migration:** dotnet ef migrations add NewMigrationName

<br/>

You also have a script that I created from my last applied migration. You can find it inside the *Data* folder in the solution.  
I used the following command to generate it:

>**Create script command:** dotnet ef migrations script

## Proposed Solution:

For this project, I have decided to work with the ORM methodology. In my case, I am using **Entity Framework**, a framework provided by Microsoft, along with **Razor Pages**.  

My project consists of several folders:  

- **wwwroot**: A folder provided by Razor Pages.  
- **CsvUtils**: Contains methods for importing CSV files into the database and manipulating them.  
- **Data**: Contains the *ApplicationDbContext* class, which we use to perform all database-related operations.  
- **Migrations**: Stores the files generated by migrations.  
- **Models**: Stores our POCO classes, which act as models.  
- **Pages**: A Razor Pages-specific folder that contains the application's pages along with their controllers.


## Project Documentation
[Click here.](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cOVEnhTvQ4ThfBVHKkrxqg90_rhs7JmBA5wmq4wyM7E/edit?usp=sharing)